Are you afraid?
When you were Gao Yin Kangyuan just now
Not like this
Is it that cheap?
Can any man do it?
Or is Qu Zhuoran unable to satisfy you?
I'll tell you what.
A woman like you doesn't deserve to be loved at all
Be careful
I like you.
What are you doing?
How to break up with Zhu Ran
Who do you think you are?
Xu Zhuran is my boyfriend
Why should I break up with him?
Why are you interfering in my life?
Why?
Tell you
If only Xu Zhuran
I see you lying on my back
Will he still like you?
You let go
Don't you usually like to seduce me?
Unfortunately, I will satisfy you today.
I'll tell you one last time
Break up with Xu Zhuoran
Otherwise
I will make you regret it.
Zhuo Ran, I'm sorry.